[Music]
Asuna yet Oh see some alligator
imaginary entos negation mate or a
missionary to Touro elevation raghunatha
Mariana UT erosion a theorem in Hobart
repetition a tamale Havasu travel disco
me una Palomo if our acondo is on a
console on budget now say me default
proof well past collision we see 50
shoes on film or she may come to fasciae
Raquel come see for the first time and
that's one of the things that I enjoy
most about this convention it's not so
much as so little as to do with what
everything is but it is within our
self-interest to understand the
topography of our lives unto ourselves
the future states that there is no time
other than the collapse ation of that
sensation of the mirror of the memories
in which we are living
common knowledge but important
nonetheless as we face fear in these
times and fear is all around us we also
have anti fear it's hard to imagine or
measure the background radiation is
simply too static to be able to be seen
under the normal spectral analysis but
we feel as though there are times when a
lot of us you know I'm saying but like
you know I'm saying cuz like as a
hip-hop thing you know I'm saying like
Ted you know tippy rocking it I'm saying
so like um so I wrote a song and I hope
you guys dig it it's a song about people
and South spots is other French science
stuff that's French science okay
[Music]
and it's like you know you can use as
many of those things that you want right
and the computer models no matter how
many that you have and how many people
that you use I'm never going to be able
to arrive at the same conclusions four
years ago I worked with a few people at
the Brookings Institute and I got a
right to the conclusion
tomorrow is another day not just any day
but it is a day it will get here there's
no question and the important thing to
remember is that this simulation is a
good one it's believable its tactile you
can reach out things are solid you can
move objects from one area to another
you can feel your body you can say I'd
like to go over to this location and you
can move this mass of molecules through
the air over to another location at will
that's something you live inside of
every day now with the allocation and
the understanding of the lack of
understanding we enter into a new year
of science in which we feel nothing more
than so much so as to say that those
within themselves comparing or non compr
Airy will figuratively figure into the
folding of our non understanding and our
partial understanding to the networks of
which we all draw our source and
conclusions from so as I say before the
last piece feel not as though it is a
sphere we leave on rather an infinite
plane which has the illusion of leading
yourself back to the point of origin
once we understand that all the spheres
in the skies are just large infinite
planes it will be plain to see ok this
is my final piece and just remember
everything you are is more important to
realize the negative space as music is
only the division of space and it is the
space we are listening to divided as
such which gives us the information in
comparison to something other that gives
us the idea what the idea that wants to
be transmitted wants to be so please
without further ado
thank you all right this is a okay now
for the last piece I'd like to do this
one goes very similar to this I hope you
guys recognize it here we go okay that
still works okay good all right here we
go
[Music]
[Laughter]
thank you enjoy the rest
[Applause]